---
layout: page
permalink: /floofs/
title: =^..^=
description: My two floofs
nav: true
nav_order: 9
---

Meet Jelly and Fishie!

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jelly_table.jpg" title="Jelly" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/bbs_donut.jpg" title="Floofs" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/fishie_towel.jpg" title="Fishie" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Jelly and Fishie, the two sweetest floofs in the world. Jelly is the beautiful black and red tortoiseshell kitty, and Fishie is the handsome grey tabby kitty. They were adopted separately, first Jelly on a furniture shopping excursion (no, we didn't buy any furniture). We later adopted Fishie as a best friend for Jelly.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/PXL_20230315_135243837-ANIMATION.gif" title="BBs closeup" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    They tolerate each other. And sometimes lick. Pure love.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/PXL_20230724_211533733-ANIMATION.gif" title="Fishie yawning" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Fishie was born into a managed feral colony in Toronto and was trapped at 3 months old. He was socialized in a foster home for 4 months and became the best brother to Jelly! Fishie is very energetic, smart, curious, and affectionate. He loves to be involved in whatever you're doing (while purring loudly), and to streeeeeetch, roll, play, and get belly rubs. 
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jelly_seal.jpg" title="Jelly seal" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/jelly_donut_top.jpg" title="Jelly donut" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/VID_20210423_213900-ANIMATION.gif" title="Jelly licking" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Jelly was named "Jellicle" at the shelter. I'm a huge fan of Cats the musical (no, not the movie!!) so it felt a bit like fate. Jelly has coined the term "independent floof", but while she can be very aloof, she can also bless you with the sweetest affection. She is very brave and smart as she has picked up quite a large vocabulary relating to food. She enjoys head kisses, licking plush toys, and napping in the sun. Her nickname is "Chief Inspectah" as she inspects every item that enters the house.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        <iframe src="https://www.instagram.com/p/C80BIGkhZFx/embed" width="400" height="480" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" allowtransparency="true"></iframe>
    </div>
</div>
